Swagger specification is chosen from the environment variable `SWAGGER_SPECIFICATION` (#119)
mia-platform/lc39: docs/main-entrypoint.md

## Exposed Swagger Documentation

> By default lc39 will import the [`fastify-swagger`][fastify-swagger] module for exposing the service documentation following the OpenAPI 3 specification. To expose them following the Swagger 2.0 specification the service should export `swaggerDefinition` with `openApiSpecification` valued as `'swagger'`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default lc39 will import the [`fastify-swagger`][fastify-swagger] module for exposing the service documentation following the OpenAPI 3 specification. In order to expose API documentation following the Swagger 2.0 specification the service should export `swaggerDefinition` with `openApiSpecification` valued as `'swagger'`.
```
